Go away, son.
It's okay to insult me.
Now I can still meet my second uncle's friend here.
Today, even if the Heavenly King comes, I cannot save you.
Let's go.
Brother-in-law, I pulled out the scrap.
Ha ha.
Sorry.
He seduced me.
Sorry, it's not my fault.
Leave it to this old lady
Bring him and let me steal things too.
Quickly take these two people to South Africa to dig mines.
Uncle, please save me!
I'm not a mother-in-law.
Not what you said
Do you always think of me as your father?
Uncle, go away.
Save me!
Uncle, a cruel fox like you only knows how to climb dragons and phoenixes.
Right here.
Second master, give me another chance.
For my sake as a child.
Please give me another chance.
Can you forgive me this time?
Are not!
Don't trust him.
He doesn't have it.
You whore.
Don't you dare lie to me.
Say it.
He impersonates your identity.
Save money and sometimes get your revenge.
Let's go.
This bitch.
Send me to northern Myanmar.
Uncle!
This slap is to beat you for being ungrateful.
This slap.
Is beating you into impersonating my identity.
This slap has been my fault for three years.
When I said goodbye, I told you not to regret it.
If you look down on the little people
So stay forever in the world of little people.
Someone is here, take it out.
No, no, you let me in.
Oh my.
I'm going brother.
I am mother-in-law.
Save me.